docs: update vim_diff.txt (#34502)
neovim/neovim: runtime/doc/vim_diff.txt

- |:sign-define| "numhl" argument
- |:source| works with anonymous (no file) scripts
- 'statusline' supports unlimited alignment sections

> - Lua: `require()` can search for modules in 'runtimepath'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Lua: `require()` also searches for modules in 'runtimepath'.
```

  E5108: Lua: [string "<Vimscript compiled string>"]:1: TEST
<  whereas Vim emits only "TEST".
- Lua has direct access to Nvim |API| via `vim.api`.
- Lua package.path and package.cpath are automatically updated according to

>   'runtimepath'. |lua-module-load|

Reviewer: just paste this into nvim-upstreamed:

    - The require() search-path includes modules found on 'runtimepath'. |lua-module-load|

> Should they be in `nvim-upstreamed` too?

idk, low priority atm.

- *'guitabtooltip'* *'gtt'*
- *'mouseshape'* *'mouses'*
- *'previewpopup'*

> - *popupwin*. You can use |api-floatwin| instead.

Reviewer: I doubt we will implement this interface, so it can go in the "Editor" section of `nvim-removed`.

- tools/check_colors.vim
- macros/{justify,matchit,shellmenu,swapmous}.vim: use `packadd! justify` etc.
  directly

> - package-helptoc. Use |gO| instead.

Reviewer: drop this.

if vim has a different name for some minor feature it doesn't matter. we don't need to copy all their tags.

Author: > if vim has a different name for some minor feature

Not only different name, it also use different command and interface
